Implementation of tuple analyzers (#2846)
DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers: documentation/ReadabilityRules.md

[SA1136](SA1136.md) | EnumValuesShouldBeOnSeparateLines | Multiple enum values are placed on the same line of code. 
[SA1137](SA1137.md) | ElementsShouldHaveTheSameIndentation | Two sibling elements which each start on their own line have different levels of indentation.
[SA1139](SA1139.md) | UseLiteralsSuffixNotationInsteadOfCasting | Use literal suffix notation instead of casting. 
[SA1141](SA1141.md) | UseTupleSyntax | Use tuple syntax instead of the underlying ValueTuple implementation type.

> [SA1142](SA1142.md) | ReferToTupleFieldsByName | A field of a tuple was referenced by its metadata name when a field name is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SA1142](SA1142.md) | ReferToTupleElementsByName | An element of a tuple was referenced by its metadata name when an element name is available.
```
